Security of GHA:
- Introduction:
The most important aspect of security is to understand the threat model for Github 
Actions.Since there are many stakeholders crafting different types of Runners and 
Workflows. Generally the vendors offering solution to support their platforms are 
trusted ones. But since Github community is open to all, there is a possibility of 
malicious actors trying to exploit the systems and workflows.
- Untrusted Inputs:
Since Github Actions does not qualify traditional security model so we need to 
understand that traditional hardening systems like SELinux, AppArmor, etc. are not 
applicable here.

We can design workflows to trigger or evaluate pull requests, comments, issues and 
other public contributions. However sources can be used to inject malicious code that 
can compromise secrets, disrupt workflows, and otherwise harm the project.
- Community actions and best practices for security:
Community actions are open source so we must treat them like other open source library
or frameworks.
Github allow us on organizational level to restrict certain actions for using communiy
based libraries or frameworks even complete resriction.
Github actions can be forked like any other repository. Maintain a fork in our
in our organization and pull upstream changes as we approve them.

- Security Practices for Custom Runners:
Using custom runners with public repo can be dangerous, because it allows anyone to
force their code in our infrastructure. The advantage of custom runners from public
repository is that we can save a lot of cost. But it comes with potential threats to
organization's digital security.
We need to restrict access to runners with permissions or even if machine has to 
access some internal resources.
Also we need to use separate runners for each repo so in case if one of the repo is
compromised we can isolate the damage.
- General Security Practices:
   -- We need to make repository public if really required.
   -- Are the key branches protected?
   -- Do we have multiple approvers for pull requests?
   -- Is the principle of least privilege followed?
